Mantello the Allrecipes member who
submits this recipe writes it's hard to
find a real Hungarian Goulash recipe
this is the real thing and no tomato
paste here try the serve with rustic
bread or noodles to begin heat a large
pot over medium heat add two tablespoons
of lard or butter and allow to melt add
in two finely sliced yellow onions and
cook until the onions are translucent
five to eight minutes
stir in two pounds of beef chuck that
we've cut into 1-inch cubes you can ask
your butcher to cut the beef chuck for
you also sprinkle in two tablespoons of
a Hungarian paprika and reduce the heat
to low allow the meat and onions to
simmer stirring occasionally for one
hour
pour in one cup of water or beef stock
like we are here adding more liquid as
needed cook until the meat falls apart
and the onion sauce is thick about 1
hour more and adjust the salt black
pepper seasonings to your taste
Allrecipes member Joey Jones has this to
say about real Hungarian Goulash my
house melts so wonderful while it was
cooking my neighbors were leaning over
the fence to get a whiff I'll be using
this recipe often